Video Calling Devices with Alexa Built-in | Portal from Facebook Buy 2 Portal devices SAVE C$70!* FREE 2-day Shipping. FREE Returns. Share something real with Portal The video calling device designed to bring people closer. Shop Now Watch the Demo SAVE C$70 when you buy 2 Portals!* Ship to multiple addresses at no extra cost. Smart video calling on the biggest screen in your home Smart video calling on an 8?? HD display Smart video calling on a 10?? HD display Smart video calling on a 15.6?? HD display Portal to Portal or practically anything Video call friends with WhatsApp, Messenger, Zoom and more. Even to their smartphones and tablets if they don’t have Portal. How to Use Apps with Portal Don’t just read the story. Be the story. Story Time makes you the star of iconic children’s tales, with music, animation and AR effects. Discover Put a smile on your face with AR masks Transform any video call with the magic and delight of AR masks and more. A photo frame that’s picture perfect Display memorable photos and videos. Easily add images from your phone or Instagram. “Alexa, show me the front door.?? Alexa Built-in. Now you’re talking. Say hello to your new personal assistant, Alexa Built-in. Control your smart home, check who’s at the door, throw on some music, start a call and more–just by asking. Learn More Private by design Easily disable the camera and microphone or quickly block the lens with the camera cover. And rest assured knowing that all Portal video calls are encrypted. Learn More Work smarter from home Whether you and your co-workers use Workplace, BlueJeans, GoToMeeting, Webex or Zoom, Portal has the tools to keep you productive while working from home. Learn More Spotlight and community Find the Portal that’s right for you SAVE C$70 when you buy 2 Portals!* Ship to multiple addresses at no extra cost. Compare Products Get emails from Facebook about Portal and other Facebook hardware products. Sign Up FacebookInstagramTwitterYoutube Canada (English / Canadian Dollar) Home Products Features Private by Design Support Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of Use Legal Terms of Sale Ad Choices “Hey Portal?? voice command availability varies. Learn more. Screen images simulated. User experience may vary. Requires wireless internet connection and Facebook or WhatsApp account. WhatsApp is not available on tablets. Features, functionality, and content vary and may not be available on all Portal models or in all areas and languages. Some features may require a Facebook account and downloading the Portal mobile app. Additional account registration, terms and fees may apply. *Represents savings off of regular, non-promotional prices. Both products must be purchased on same receipt to qualify. Valid on qualifying purchases at portal.facebook.com. Not valid on prior purchases and non-transferable. Not valid for cash or cash equivalent. Valid on in-stock products only. Offer may be cancelled or modified at any time without notice. Void where prohibited. ©2021 Facebook, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Facebook, Portal from Facebook and the Facebook logo are trademarks of Facebook, Inc. Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.